docs/en/biblio/plating_biblio.md, before:

# Bibliography: Electroplating

Key references for current distribution modeling and electrolytic deposition.

## Reference Books

### 1. The Definitive Reference (John Newman)
The essential book for understanding current distribution (primary, secondary, tertiary).
> **Newman, J.; Thomas-Alyea, K. E.**
> *"Electrochemical Systems"*, 3rd Edition.
> Wiley-Interscience, **2004**.
> 🔗 [Wiley Link](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Electrochemical+Systems%2C+3rd+Edition-p-9780471477563)

### 2. Modern Electroplating
A comprehensive guide on theory and industrial practice.
> **Schlesinger, M.; Paunovic, M.**
> *"Modern Electroplating"*, 5th Edition.
> Wiley, **2010**.
> 🔗 [DOI Link (Book)](https://doi.org/10.1002/9780470602638)

## Specific Papers (Current Distribution)

### Secondary Distribution Simulation
> **Dukovic, J.**
> *"Computation of Current Distribution in Electrodeposition, a Review."*
> IBM Journal of Research and Development, **1990**, *34* (5), 693-705.
> 🔗 [DOI Link](https://doi.org/10.1147/rd.345.0693)

---

## Software Resources

### Antigravity (Python)
(Note: Placeholder link for this internal project)
> **Antigravity Engine**
> *"Proprietary solver for secondary current distribution."*
> *Internal EQU Research*

Commit message:

Cleanup biblio: remove internal Antigravity references, keep open-access resources

docs/en/biblio/plating_biblio.md, after:

# Bibliography: Electroplating

This section gathers reference books (often requiring purchase) and open-access technical resources.

## 1. Reference Books (Restricted Access)
*These books are the pillars of industrial electrochemistry.*

> **Newman, J.; Thomas-Alyea, K. E.**
> *"Electrochemical Systems"*, 3rd Edition.
> Wiley-Interscience, **2004**.
> 🔗 [Publisher Link](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Electrochemical+Systems%2C+3rd+Edition-p-9780471477563) (Paid access)

> **Schlesinger, M.; Paunovic, M.**
> *"Modern Electroplating"*, 5th Edition.
> Wiley, **2010**.
> 🔗 [DOI: 10.1002/9780470602638](https://doi.org/10.1002/9780470602638) (Paid access)

---

## 2. Technical Resources (Open Access)
*Free documents to understand modeling theory.*

### Current Distribution Theory
> **COMSOL Multiphysics**
> *"Theory of Current Distribution"*
> Extremely detailed documentation on primary, secondary, and tertiary distributions with explanatory diagrams.
> 🔗 [Online Documentation (Free)](https://www.comsol.com/multiphysics/current-distribution-theory)

> **BioLogic Learning Center**
> *"Current Distribution: Primary, Secondary and Tertiary"*
> Pedagogical application note on the influence of geometry and kinetics.
> 🔗 [BioLogic Link (Free)](https://www.biologic.net/topics/what-is-current-distribution-primary-secondary-and-tertiary-distributions/)
